1.What is Emmet?
Ans- Emmet is a powerful and time-saving toolkit for web developers and front-end designers. It is a plugin that can be used in various code editors and integrated development environments (IDEs), including Visual Studio Code (VS Code). Emmet helps developers write HTML and CSS code quickly and efficiently by providing shorthand abbreviations and shortcuts for generating code snippets.
2. Differenct between a Library and Framework?
Ans- Library: Libraries provide developers with predefined functions and classes to make their work easier and boost the development process. Using library, you can control the flow of application and call the library.
Framework: A framework provides a higher level of structure and dictates the overall flow and architecture of your application.Framework is like a blueprint or a set of instructions that guides you on how to build your entire project. Framework controls the flow and calls your code
3. What is CDN ? Why do we use it?
Ans- CDN is a content delivery network. It is a system of distributed servers that deliver web content to users based on their geographic location. CDN are used to improve website performance by reducing latency and providing more reliable connection.
4. Why is React called ‘React’?
Ans- React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces, that was developed by Facebook and released in 2013. React is called “React” because of its core feature, which is its ability to “react” or respond dynamically to changes in data.
5. What is cross-origin in the script tag?
Ans- In React Js, CORS stands for cross-origin resource sharing, refers to the method that allows you to make request to the sever deployed at different domain. It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it is safe to allow the cross-origin request. CORS allows servers to specify who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.
7. What is the difference React and ReactDOM?

Ans- React:
React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. Using React you can create reusable UI components to build complex user interfaces.It introduces a virtual DOM to efficiently update the real DOM when there are changes in the component's state or props, reducing unnecessary re-renders,improving performance.
ReactDOM:
ReactDOM is a javascript library that allows React to interact with DOM. ReactDOM includes methods like ReactDOM.render() for rendering React components into a specified DOM element, and it handles updates and re-renders efficiently using the virtual DOM, ReactDOM is specifically designed for web applications.

8. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans- react.development.js - More developer friendly, readable, will take more size.
react.production.js - Minified code that is not developer friendly as it focused on decreasing in file size, code efficiency.
9. What are async and defer?
Ans- Async allows your script to run as soon as its loaded without blocking other elements on the page. Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading.
